# FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (FAQ) FOR LOGCAT READER

**Q**. What is Logcat Reader?

**A**. This is an app that simplifies the visualization of various log messages being written/generated by android devices.

**Q**. What types of log are being written and simplified by Logcat Reader?

**A**. The following can be seen via Logcat Reader:

* Main
* Assert
* Debug
* Error
* Warning
* Verbose
* Info
* Fatal
* Events
* System
* Crash
* Kernel


**Q**. Where are log files being stored?

**A**. Log files created by your device are being stored in "dev/log".

**Q**. How do I save logs at a specific time with Logcat Reader?

**A**. All you have to do is click on" the record button" (a circular image at the top right side of the screen, it would start recording the log details happening from that moment on your device. when satisfied click "the Stop button" (same button clicked earlier), and you get a notification below "log file save".

**Q**. How do I access my recorded log on Logcat Reader?

**A**. Click the broken vertical line at the top right corner of the screen, then select "saved logs".

**Q**. How do I specify the exact log to be read/recorded by Logcat Reader?

**A**. Click the "broken vertical line" at the top right side of the screen and select "filter", tick from the options listed there, or type in the exact log keyword you desire, and select "OK".

**Q**. I need to search for a specific log from the main logs being read by Logcat Reader?

**A**. Click the search icon at the top of the screen and input your specific search parameters.

**Q**. I need to stop Logcat Reader from continuous reading of logs?

**A**. Click the "pause icon" at the top of the screen, to continue log reading, click the "play icon" at the top of the screen.

**Q**. To exit locat reader?

**A**. Click the back button on your device twice.

Thank you for using Logcat Reader.
